Sage Intacct Financials Product Update (#1682)
codatio/codat-docs: blog/250930-jes-transactional-amount-currency.md

---
title: "Journal Entries: Transactional amount and currency now supported"
date: "2025-09-30"
tags: ["Product", "Update", "Lending", "Quickbooks Online", "NetSuite", "Dynamics 365 BC", "Sage Intacct", "Sage 50", "Sage BC"]
authors: ivasiutkova
---

We've expanded our data model to include **transactional amount** and **transactional currency** for journal entries.

<!--truncate-->

## What's new?

Our data model for **journal entries** now supports both the **transactional amount** and the **transactional currency** fields.  

> This enhancement is available for the following accounting integrations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enhancement is available for the following accounting and ERP software:
```
